#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
allennlp==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
backports.csv==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
bleach==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blis==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
boto3==1.18.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
botocore==1.21.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
catalogue==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer.six
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
checklist==0.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
cheroot==8.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cherrypy
cherrypy==18.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
    #   wandb
configparser==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer.six
cymem==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
debugpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
django==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
feedparser==6.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
google-api-core==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h5py==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
huggingface-hub==0.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   transformers
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
    #   jupyter
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
jaraco.classes==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jaraco.collections
jaraco.collections==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cherrypy
jaraco.functools==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cheroot
    #   jaraco.text
    #   tempora
jaraco.text==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jaraco.collections
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonnet==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
jupyter-client==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
lmdb==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
    #   python-docx
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   cheroot
    #   cherrypy
    #   jaraco.classes
    #   jaraco.functools
munch==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
murmurhash==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
nltk==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   patternfork-nosql
notebook==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   blis
    #   checklist
    #   h5py
    #   patternfork-nosql
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
overrides==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
pathy==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
patternfork-nosql==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   checklist
pdfminer.six==20201018
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
pep517==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
portend==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cherrypy
preshed==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboardx
    #   wandb
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   wandb
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   patternfork-nosql
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   tempora
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==22.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
regex==2021.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   patternfork-nosql
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
sacremoses==0.0.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   patternfork-nosql
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
sentry-sdk==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedparser
shortuuid==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cheroot
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
    #   wandb
smart-open==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pathy
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer.six
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   checklist
spacy-legacy==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
srsly==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
subprocess32==3.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wandb
tempora==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   portend
tensorboardx==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
terminado==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
thinc==8.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pep517
torch==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
    #   checklist
typer==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   wandb
wandb==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allennlp
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
zc.lockfile==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cherrypy

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
